NoPuke/README.md, before:

# No Puke

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Disables the puking sounds and animations. Use if you have a sensitive stomach.

## Installation

This mod is client side only and has no configuration options. Does not need to be on the server.

## Changelog

### 0.2.2

* Courtesy update for Ashlands, new logo. No feature changes.

### 0.2.1

* Code cleanup to remove null-propagating operators. No feature changes.

### 0.2.0

* Now also disables the Bonemass puking effects during the aoe attack.

### 0.1.1

* Preliminary update for Hildir's Request, compatible with game version 0.216.9

### 0.1.0

* First release

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).

Commit message:

No Puke version 0.2.3:
* Fixed puke not disabling in multiplayer when another player puked.

NoPuke/README.md, after:

# No Puke

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Disables the puking sounds and animations. Use if you have a sensitive stomach.

## Installation

This mod is client side only and has no configuration options. Does not need to be on the server.

## Changelog

### 0.2.3

* Fixed puke not disabling in multiplayer when another player puked.

### 0.2.2

* Courtesy update for Ashlands, new logo. No feature changes.

### 0.2.1

* Code cleanup to remove null-propagating operators. No feature changes.

### 0.2.0

* Now also disables the Bonemass puking effects during the aoe attack.

### 0.1.1

* Preliminary update for Hildir's Request, compatible with game version 0.216.9

### 0.1.0

* First release

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).
