TerrainReset/README.md, before:

# Venture Terrain Reset

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Reset the terrain from tools, a hotkey, or with a console command. Original mod by [Adenthorn](https://github.com/aedenthorn/ValheimMods/tree/master/TerrainReset).

## Features

Gives you three ways to reset the terrain. Resetting will take effect in multiplayer for all players.

### Tools

Reset by holding the modifier key "Left Alt" while holding a Hoe or Cultivator. Modifier key can be rebound with the ToolModKey configuration. Will use the radius of the selected terrain tool unless the ToolRadius configuration is set.

Warning: If the terrain operation consumes items then with that option equipped will consume those items (example: raise terrain, pave road).

### Hotkey

Reset the area around you by pressing a hot key. By default this feature is disabled, to bind set the HotKey and HotKeyRadius configurations.

### Console Command

Reset the area around you by entering the "resetterrain \[radius\]" command.

## Installation

This mod is client side only and changes made to the configurations will only affect your client. Live updates to the configs will take immediate effect.

## Changelog

### 0.1.0

* First release.

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).

## Credits

Thank you Adenthorn for the original code!

Commit message:

Terrain Reset version 0.1.1:
* Update for Ashlands game version 0.218.15.

TerrainReset/README.md, after:

# Venture Terrain Reset

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Reset the terrain from tools, a hotkey, or with a console command. Inspired by Adenthorn's TerrainReset.

## Features

Gives you three ways to reset the terrain. Resetting will take effect in multiplayer for all players.

### Tools

Reset by holding the modifier key "Left Alt" while holding a Hoe or Cultivator. Modifier key can be rebound with the ToolModKey configuration. Will use the radius of the selected terrain tool unless the ToolRadius configuration is set.

Warning: If the terrain operation consumes items then with that option equipped will consume those items (example: raise terrain, pave road).

### Hotkey

Reset the area around you by pressing a hot key. By default this feature is disabled, to bind set the HotKey and HotKeyRadius configurations.

### Console Command

Reset the area around you by entering the "resetterrain \[radius\]" command.

## Installation

This mod is client side only and changes made to the configurations will only affect your client. Live updates to the configs will take immediate effect.

## Changelog

### 0.1.1

* Update for Ashlands game version 0.218.15.

### 0.1.0

* First release.

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).

## Credits

Thank you Adenthorn for the [original code](https://github.com/aedenthorn/ValheimMods/tree/master/TerrainReset)!
