Progression/README.md, before:

# World Advancement and Progression

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

This mod is in Beta: Use at your own risk! (make a backup of your data before you update). You will likely need to generate a fresh config file.

World Advancement and Progression lets you fine tune world settings. Ideal to use on multiplayer/RP (roleplay) servers to control world advancement.

## Features

* Prevent/block public keys from being added to the global list. Configurable Allow/Block list options.
* Configure Skill drain on death - disable or set to an absolute number.
* ServerSync included

## Changelog

### 0.0.3

* Added new dependency for Venture ServerSync.

### 0.0.2

* Added ability to configure Skill drain on death - disable or set to an absolute number.

### 0.0.1

* Added ability to prevent/block public keys from being added to the global list. Configurable Allow/Block list options.

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All ideas and requests are welcome! You can message me on the [Odin Plus](https://discord.gg/vYfFHxpJgN) discord, or at my discord [VentureGaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).

Commit message:

Update to include serversync.dll in project dlls. (#3)
* Changed projects to package serversync.dll directly into project output dlls.

Progression/README.md, after:

# World Advancement and Progression

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

This mod is in Beta: Use at your own risk! (make a backup of your data before you update). You will likely need to generate a fresh config file.

World Advancement and Progression lets you fine tune world settings. Ideal to use on multiplayer/RP (roleplay) servers to control world advancement.

## Features

* Prevent/block public keys from being added to the global list. Configurable Allow/Block list options.
* Configure Skill drain on death - disable or set to an absolute number.
* ServerSync included

## Changelog

### 0.0.4

* Packaged ServerSync into the main dll.

### 0.0.3

* Added new dependency for Venture ServerSync.

### 0.0.2

* Added ability to configure Skill drain on death - disable or set to an absolute number.

### 0.0.1

* Added ability to prevent/block public keys from being added to the global list. Configurable Allow/Block list options.

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All ideas and requests are welcome! You can message me on the [Odin Plus](https://discord.gg/vYfFHxpJgN) discord, or at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).
