LogoutTweaks/README.md, before:

# Logout Tweaks

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Apply your stamina and status effects from your last logout. Use on servers to prevent "stamina logging".

## Features

This mod saves previously untracked data from your last logout to a new file for next login.

### Status Effects

When enabled applies all status effects from your last logout including your rested bonus.

### Stamina

When enabled it will apply the last stamina value from your last logout. If no file is found this value is set to 0 to prevent "stamina logging". Adds a 5 second delay to your stamina regen.

### Other Features

* ServerSync included

## Changelog

### 0.3.1

* Update for game patch 0.212.7
* Upgraded ServerSync to version 1.13

### 0.3.0

* Now tracks all status effects!
* Fix for stamina config setting, now lets you ignore that feature entirely
* You will need to generate a new config file
* Changed file storage structure, expect a warning on version upgrade.

### 0.2.1

* ServerSync patch for game patch 0.211.11.

### 0.2.0

* Upgraded ServerSync to V1.11: Crossplay compatibility upgrade for config sync.

### 0.1.1

* Small code refactoring, no feature changes.

### 0.1.0

* Update for game patch 0.211.7 Crossplay. Reverted ServerSync to 1.6.

### 0.0.5

* Updated ServerSync to V1.10. Fixed an issue with Server Sync config not locking.

### 0.0.4

* Added ability to restore stamina from last logout with regen delay of 5 seconds. Added more config options. Changed file storage structure, expect a warning on version upgrade.

### 0.0.3

* Minor refactoring to the code, no feature changes. Changed the patch for loading saved rested bonus data to be more correct. Reset file data on load to prevent an possible incorrect state. Moved the call to get the rested bonus data to a prefix to ensure the data is more accurate.

### 0.0.2

* Packaged ServerSync into the main dll.

### 0.0.1

* Added ability to reapply your rested bonus from your last logout

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me on the [Odin Plus](https://discord.gg/vYfFHxpJgN) discord, or at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).

Commit message:

Logout Tweaks version 0.4.0: * Update for game patch 0.216.9 * Upgraded file storage to use the player save file rather than an additional file * Removed stamina feature since it is now in vanilla * Removed config file, no longer needed

LogoutTweaks/README.md, after:

# Logout Tweaks

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Saves and applies your status effects from your last logout.

## Features

On logout saves your current status effects to the player file to reapply them on next login. Works well for basic status effects like the rested bonus and potion effects. Can reapply effects like poison damage, but does not track the damage done, thus these effects do no damage.

## Installation

This mod is client side only and has no configuration options. Does not need to be on the server.

## Changelog

### 0.4.0

* Update for game patch 0.216.9
* Upgraded file storage to use the player save file rather than an additional file (you will lose your last logout session upon upgrading, you can delete the extra files previously created by this mod)
* Removed stamina feature since it is now in vanilla
* Removed config file, no longer needed

### 0.3.1

* Update for game patch 0.212.7
* Upgraded ServerSync to version 1.13

### 0.3.0

* Now tracks all status effects!
* Fix for stamina config setting, now lets you ignore that feature entirely
* You will need to generate a new config file
* Changed file storage structure, expect a warning on version upgrade.

### 0.2.1

* ServerSync patch for game patch 0.211.11.

### 0.2.0

* Upgraded ServerSync to V1.11: Crossplay compatibility upgrade for config sync.

### 0.1.1

* Small code refactoring, no feature changes.

### 0.1.0

* Update for game patch 0.211.7 Crossplay. Reverted ServerSync to 1.6.

### 0.0.5

* Updated ServerSync to V1.10. Fixed an issue with Server Sync config not locking.

### 0.0.4

* Added ability to restore stamina from last logout with regen delay of 5 seconds. Added more config options. Changed file storage structure, expect a warning on version upgrade.

### 0.0.3

* Minor refactoring to the code, no feature changes. Changed the patch for loading saved rested bonus data to be more correct. Reset file data on load to prevent an possible incorrect state. Moved the call to get the rested bonus data to a prefix to ensure the data is more accurate.

### 0.0.2

* Packaged ServerSync into the main dll.

### 0.0.1

* Added ability to reapply your rested bonus from your last logout

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).
