NeedForSpeed/README.md, before:

# Need For Speed

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Detects when the player is on cleared ground (a path) and applies a speed boost multiplier. Separate configuration values for jogging and running.

## Features

Gives you options to increase (or decrease) the speed the player jogs and runs on paths. This multiplier will work on paths created by the hoe and pickaxe, as well as paths created by naturally spawning structures (and tar pits?).

* Ability to configure the run and jog speed multipliers individually.

## Installation

This mod needs to be on the client to work. Config Syncing is included with Jotunn. Install on the server to enforce the same mod configuration for all players.

## Changelog

### 0.2.2

* Courtesy update for Ashlands, new logo. No feature changes.

### 0.2.1

* Removed mod enabled config, to disable the mod just remove it.

### 0.2.0

* Added Jotunn library as new dependency for config syncing, you now must also install Jotunn for this mod to work

### 0.1.0

* First release

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).

Commit message:

Need For Speed version 0.2.3:
* Code Refactor, should be more performant when you have a high number of creatures in an area.

NeedForSpeed/README.md, after:

# Need For Speed

Created by [OrianaVentureMod@gmail.com](https://github.com/OrianaVenture/VentureValheim).

## Introduction

Detects when the player is on cleared ground (a path) and applies a speed boost multiplier. Separate configuration values for jogging and running.

## Features

Gives you options to increase (or decrease) the speed the player jogs and runs on paths. This multiplier will work on paths created by the hoe and pickaxe, as well as paths created by naturally spawning structures (and tar pits?).

* Ability to configure the run and jog speed multipliers individually.

## Installation

This mod needs to be on the client to work. Config Syncing is included with Jotunn. Install on the server to enforce the same mod configuration for all players.

## Changelog

### 0.2.3

* Code Refactor, should be more performant when you have a high number of creatures in an area.

### 0.2.2

* Courtesy update for Ashlands, new logo. No feature changes.

### 0.2.1

* Removed mod enabled config, to disable the mod just remove it.

### 0.2.0

* Added Jotunn library as new dependency for config syncing, you now must also install Jotunn for this mod to work

### 0.1.0

* First release

## Contributing

All issues can be reported on the project Github. To report issues please be as specific as possible and provide the following:

1. Version of this mod you are using.
2. List of the other mods being used.

All feedback, ideas, and requests are welcome! You can message me at my discord [Venture Gaming](https://discord.gg/tAd5hapt88).
